Release Notes - Version 6.0.0

Created API interfaces for Runner.
Backed the API with an implementation.
Replaced the internal BoltAssertionException class with a public RunnerException class.
Simplified the API with RunnerProvideProgram and RunnerProvideInput interfaces.
Simplified the code base with an implementation of RunnerProvideProgram (BoltProvideProgram).
Simplified the code base with an implementation of RunnerProvideInput (BoltProvideInput). 
Removed the dependency on the ZoftWhere Mutable Library.
Moved, and updated, the JavaDoc from implementation to the API interfaces.
Added check for null program test result in RunnerAsserter implementation (BoltAsserter). 
Added check for null input character set, and null program character set. 
Runner implementation returns an error when variable length parameters for input contains a null.
Updated Runner to never return an empty array for program output (occurred during certain exceptions).
Updated Runner with exception if resource name for resource inputs are null.
Updated Runner with exception if resource class for resource inputs are null.
Updated Runner with exception if resource for resource inputs cannot be found.
Updated Runner to only load an expectation if the program output does not contain an exception.
Updated Runner, when an expectation is loaded, and an error occurs, that the exception be placed in the program test result.
Updated Runner such that the expected array in the program result will be empty if the expectation was not loaded.  
Updated Runner to only load an program output comparator if the program output does not contain an exception.
Updated Runner, when a null program output comparator is loaded, that an exception be placed in the program test result.
Updated Runner to wrap Throwable with RunnerException with thrown instance as cause.
Added a multiple logic branch runner (Deluge) for tests for branching till RunnerProgramOutput.  